living at the temple was busy and strict, but it wasn't hard for Mora. She was a
serious girl and she excelled even in school. She was even more capable of
regulating her own behavior and habits compared to other girls in her generation.
When Mora was 19 the previous Saint of Mountains retired and Mora was chosen
as the next Saint from the group of acolytes. She was the greatest from the
multitudes of acolytes and it was said that she was the best candidate.
After that Mora's unique qualities started to blossom, and within three years she
gained the fighting abilities and strength to be considered among the top five
most powerful Saints. Her high level abilities were shown to the managed
territories under the temple's control and when Mora was 26 she was appointed
the head of all the temples in the world. Receiving a nomination from Leura, the
previous Temple Head, Mora was recommended by three-fourths of the 78
Saints.
Mora basically had everything a person would want to acquire or wish for.
Popularity, fame, status, authority, and wealth. And in having those she also had
genuine power.
However, for Mora all of those were of little importance. Since there were no
other suitable people, the head of the temple's seat was nothing more than a
position Mora had no choice but to take over. Popularity and fame were also not
that important. Wealth was only good for ensuring that one didn't live a difficult
life. And if it became unnecessary, she could throw away even the immense
power of the Saint of Mountains at any time."Ad-kun. I'll treat your stomach. Relax for a bit," Rolonia said, then touched
Adlet's stomach. The power of blood Rolonia used amplified the natural healing
properties within his blood and soon his bleeding stopped.
The Heroes were in the eastern area of the territory called the Falling Blood
Valley. The valley was called Falling Blood because when the Saint of the Single
Flower fought The Majin before, she had been so fatigued that she had vomited
blood in the valley.
They haven't encountered any fights from the forest up until they had set foot in
the valley. They didn't see any Kyoma waiting to ambush them along the coast
like they had thought, and they managed to reach the valley far quicker than they
had imagined.
The seven were on guard and cautiously advanced through the complicated
terrain of the valley stretching out in front of them. Although they were prepared
for an attack from the Kyoma from the outside, the companions were also
searching for any indication of betrayal or a trap within the valley. And so they
walked slowly.
The valley was eerily quiet. Fremy sniped down several Kyoma that seemed to be
on the lookout, but other than those they havent seen any enemies since. Fremy
and Mora had gone ahead to scout the current situation, and the remaining five
were waiting for their return.
"Are you alright Rolonia? You're completely pale."
